Privacy Policy

Last updated on 5 November 2022.

Your privacy is important to us. It is cypher's policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website, https://cypher.dev, and bot we own and operate.

Information We Collect
Information we collect may include email, Discord user ID, your Discord server list, username and avatar.

Log Data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, other details about your visit, and technical details that occur in conjunction with any errors you may encounter.

Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.

Temporarely stored Information
The bot may keep the stored information in an internal cacheing mechanic for a certain amount of time.
After this time period, the cached information will be dropped and only be re-added when required.

Data may be dropped from cache pre-maturely through actions such as removing the bot from the Server.


We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:

- to contact and communicate with you; 
- to enable you to access and use our website and bot;
- for internal record keeping and administrative purposes;
- for security and fraud prevention, and to ensure that the site and bot are safe, secure, and used in line with our Terms of Use.

Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.

Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security. We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.

How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. If your personal information is no longer required, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.

However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.

Children’s Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13. The bot may not be used by individuals under the minimal age described in Discord's Terms of Service.


Use of Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified.

Limits of Our Policy
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.

If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.

Removal of Data
Stored Data may be removed by either removing the bot from a Server, through the means of kicking or banning it, or by requesting the removal of the data through E-Mail.
We reserve the right to ask for verification of Ownership of the Server, if removal was requested through E-Mail to prevent any possible abuse. This means that only the Server owner may ask for the removal of data from their Server through E-Mail.
E-Mail requests should go towards admin@dimden.dev.

Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following e-mail: quantechlxxi.corp@gmail.com or through the official Support Discord of the Bot.
